Feature/plmc 163 events refactor (#221)
Polimec/polimec-node: pallets/funding/README.md

- `create` : Creates a new project.
- `edit_metadata` : Submit a new Hash of the project metadata.
- `start_evaluation` : Start the Evaluation round of a project.

> - `start_auction` : Start the Opening Auction phase of a project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `start_auction` : Start the auction round of a project.
```

- `bond_evaluation` : Bond PLMC on a project in the evaluation stage. A sort of
  "bet" that you think the project will be funded
- `failed_evaluation_unbond_for` : Unbond the PLMC bonded on a project's
  evaluation round for any user, if the project failed the evaluation.

> - `bid` : Perform a bid during the Opening or Closing Auction Phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `bid` : Perform a bid during the auction round.
```

- `contribute` : Buy contribution tokens if a project during the Community or
  Remainder round
- `vested_plmc_bid_unbond_for` : Unbond the PLMC bonded on a project's Opening or Closing Auction Phase for any user, based on their vesting schedule.
- `vested_plmc_purchase_unbond_for` : Unbond the PLMC bonded on a project's
  Community or Remainder Round for any user, based on their vesting schedule.
- `vested_contribution_token_bid_mint_for` : Mint the contribution tokens for a

>   user who participated in the Opening or Closing Auction Round, based on their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  user who participated in the auction round, based on their
```

- `EvaluationBonds`: Double map linking a project-user to the PLMC they bonded
  in the evaluation round.
- `BiddingBonds`: Double map linking a project-user to the PLMC they bonded in

>   the Opening or Closing Auction round.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the auction round.
```
